docs(intercept): document matchUrlAgainstPath (#3424)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/api/commands/intercept.md

   * If 'false', only HTTP requests will be matched.
   */
  https?: boolean
  /**
   * If `true`, will match the supplied `url` against incoming `path`s.

>    * Cannot be set without `url` or with `path`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Requires a `url` argument. Cannot be used with a `path` argument.
```

## Matching URL

{% note info %}
**Note:** passing a URL as a string or RegExp to `cy.intercept()` will automatically set `matchUrlAgainstPath` to `true`. This means that the supplied string or RegExp will be matched against the **path** if matching against the **URL** fails.

> {% endnote %}

Reviewer: I moved the note to the top of the section and combined them.

You can provide the entire URL to match

```js
// will match any request that exactly matches the URL
//   matches GET https://prod.cypress.io/users
//   won't match GET https://staging.cypress.io/users
cy.intercept('https://prod.cypress.io/users')

> ```

Reviewer: Added this example since there wasn't a full URL example.
